hi everyone this is Brian Lindley
producer of plants vs. zombies garden
warfare today we're going to check out
some gameplay from our gardens of
graveyards multiplayer mode on our
driftwood shores map now gardens and
graveyards is a little bit like
battlefields rush mode and conquest mode
remix together but with plants vs.
zombies player
to start off we're following the zombies
here emerging from doctors on boss's
Mountain layer on the attack to the
first plant garden now to capture a face
the zombies must stand near the garden
and raise their tombstone now the more
zombies that are in the garden area the
faster the tombstone raises and once
it's fully raised the base is captured
now once a base is captured the battle
is going to shift to the next garden
objective now one of the key zombies
strategies and gardens and graveyards is
the use of teleporters now the zombies
are on the attack for the Mirena base
here now a soldier is using his rocket
jump to get to an elevated position over
the base now he was enticed by the
chopper gives him some chase it looks
like he's gonna get chomped
teamwork is crucially important in
gardens and railroads here the soldier
is going to be reviving his teammate to
continue on in the push to capture the
marina base
here were following the engineer
attacking the next base on the dockside
the engineer is starting to build
turrets and teleporters now those
turrets will defend the teleporter he's
about to build here providing defenses
for the zombies that are coming out of
the teleporter and keeping it active for
an easy attack on the next base the
engineer can also upgrade these turrets
to make them more powerful now here we
have a pea shooter and a soldier
squaring off in front of the aquarium
base this encounter was a draw here we
have the engineer zombie using his Zomba
drone to scout out the next castle base
now with his drone he can harass the
plants from above with his pulse laser
and callin the occasional zomball strike
we'll get back to the drone in a moment
now here's a chopper and a sunflower
working together to guard the approach
to the council base the choppers going
to snag himself a couple of zombies in
the process all right now we're back to
the drone looking overhead the castle
garden locations calling in the zombie
strike with the drone disabled the
engineer is gonna try and take this base
on the ground that's an effective use of
the sonic grenade to stun the planet
mean that looks like you got caught in a
chili bean explosion zombies have
continued to advance there now
traversing over the pirate ships to take
the next base objective now here we have
the cactus with some plant teammates
trying to hold the base
to finish off we're gonna give you a
sneak peak of the final objective on
driftwood shores the assault on the mega
flower lighthouse the zombies must
propel themselves across the water using
cannons and dodge the incoming plant
anti-air fire to see the rest pick up a
copy of plants vs. zombies garden
warfare on the Xbox one or Xbox 360 on
February 18th thanks for watching